hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a fantasy horror
film dark shadows
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the year 1760 the young colin and his
wealthy family
set sail from england to the new world
establishing their family business in
maine
and building a grand estate called
colinwood
many years later now adult colin is
raped kiss some day by the family
servant
who's secretly a witch driven by her
deep jealousy of his love to his fiancee
the witch then by use of her dark magic
murders his parents
and makes the fiance fall from a cliff
to her death
in despair colin throws himself after
her
but he survives from the fall which has
shown that he's cursed by the witch
through eternal suffering as a vampire
the witch later bewitches the whole town
against colin
and buries him alive
two hundred years later someday a young
girl victoria
who looks like colin's dead fiance
travels to collinwood to fill the
position of governess
provided by the collin family is no
longer prosperity
compared to the old days
there victoria meets the matriarch
elizabeth and her several family members
victoria is assigned to teach the young
boy
who always claims that he can see his
late mother's ghost
but already sick of the boy's bad jokes
the family never take it seriously
that night however while unpacking her
luggage
victoria is visited by the dead fiance's
ghost who's mistaken by victoria to be
the boy
the ghost just keeps telling victoria
that he's coming back
some day at night the construction crew
happened to unearth a mysterious coffin
underground
and free the vampire collin from his
tomb
he apologetically feeds on their blood
though makes his way to colin wood
perplexed by the modern day technology
and fashion he encounters
arriving at the manor he hypnotizes the
caretaker into his service
he's later treated an uninvited
psychopath before the elizabeth family
but as elizabeth is shown the matter
secret passages and hidden treasure
she believes that the legends of her
long-lost ancestor are true
wary though elizabeth introduces colin
to the family
as a distant relative from england with
plans to reclaim the collins fortune
the family members all feel a little bit
unpleasant by the so-called relative
from nowhere
while colin seems to fall deeply for
victoria
a girl who looks like his long dead
fiance
colin then declares his plan to restore
the family's former glory in the collins
cannery business
which was however taken over by a rival
company long ago
but colin never knows that the owner of
that company is actually the witch
who survived for centuries and gets to
know the unearthed coffin from
underground
still in hate of such rude man who
didn't accept her love centuries ago
she then visits the collin wood
intending to provoke the weak colon
colin falls into despair before her
strong power
but with the encouragement from
elizabeth colin later follows his plan
to restore the cannery business
and remodel the collin wood with the
hidden treasure
as the time goes by he also develops his
relationship with victoria
he even hypnotizes the local dealer to
close the business
who turns him down originally for the
past cooperation with the witch's
company
while the live-in psychiatric doctor
later gets to know colin's true nature
as a vampire feeding on blood she's
shocked and rushes to tell elizabeth
who however turns totally blind to her
ancestors feeding
on innocent people's blood for she cares
only the family's business and glory
while hoping to change himself back to
human so as to live a normal life
together with victoria
colin then allows the doctor to drain
his blood in search of a cure
on the other side outraged by the
collins family business improving again
the which want to buy him away from this
market turning down her proposal though
colin can't get rid of her seducing so
he lets go of his hormone
over such a hot and wild body but colin
begins to regret the fast sex
soon after his hormone release
trying to win her darling's heart which
proposes to operate business together
but she's refused again colin hosts a
grant party at collinwood for the entire
town
to witness his prosperous family
business
he finds victoria that night who reveals
that she's always haunted by the ghost
presumably colin's dead fiance she was
later sent to an insane asylum by her
parents
but she escaped and was drawn to
colinwood
victoria then returns colin's affections
and they kiss romantically
right to the witch's dismay whose fire
of jealousy is lit up again
hoping to return back to the normal life
with victoria
colin visits the doctor for any findings
but he discovers the doctor
rather than search the cure for him
transfuses his blood into her body
so as to age herself cheated by the
doctor
colin sucks all her blood to death and
throws her body
into the deep sea he later confronts
elizabeth's brother
who's trying to steal the hidden family
treasure he gives the brother two
choices
to become a better father to his son or
to leave columnwood with enough money
to live out his life elsewhere
ironically
the brother chooses the latter
embarrassed by his father
the boy runs back to his room but nearly
gets struck by a falling disco ball
colin saves him with supernatural speed
but catches fire in the daylight
which reveals himself as a vampire to
the shocked household
victoria is horrified by her vampire
lover and runs away
in despair holland meets the witch and
begs her to remove the curse on him
the witch however wants his love in
exchange
she turns into burst by his continuous
refusal
so she traps him into a coffin and sends
him away to a tomb
she then destroys the collins cannery
business by big fire
which draw the attention of the whole
town she then rallies the town people
against the vampire colinwood
where to her surprise colin shows up to
confront her
it's shown that colin is later set freed
by the boy under the guidance of his
mother's ghost
but during the following battle colin
can't get any upper hand over the
powerful witch
who enchants the house to turn against
the family
she even reveals her responsibility for
the deaths of the boy's mother and
colin's parents
before she is about to terminate colin
forever but gets distracted by the boys
shouting
she then want to kill the boy first
while at that critical moment
the ghost of the boy's mother shows up
and screams at the witch with deadly
impact wave the witch is then blown far
away
hanging to the ceiling light where she
offers to her long-loved colin her heart
which crumbles into ashes as she dies
after that colin rushes to find victoria
who tries to end her life before the
cliff because she believes she is a
mortal
can't get any love from the vampire
collin who could never die
while she's aging by the time she then
steps off the cliff
while colin leaves after her and catches
her
biting her as they plummet to the bottom
victoria awakens in colin's arms
as a vampire and they passionately kiss
to each other
in the final scene somewhere deep in the
ocean
the dr eyes suddenly flash open
this is daniel cc movie review